IBX-2883: Added RepeatableStep and Expressions in step fields (#1634)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/data_migration/importing_data.md

| `segment`            | &#10004; | &#10004; | &#10004; |
| `setting`            | &#10004; | &#10004; | &#10004; |

### Repeatable steps

> You can run the same migration step multiple times by using the special `repeatable` migration type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run a set of one or more similar migration steps multiple times by using the special `repeatable` migration type.
```

A repeatable migration performs the defined migration steps as many times as the `iterations` setting declares.

``` yaml hl_lines="4"
[[= include_file('code_samples/data_migration/examples/repeatable_step.yaml', 0, 5) =]]
```

!!! tip

    You can use repeatable migration steps, for example,
    to quickly generate large numbers of Content items for testing purposes.

You can vary the operations using the iteration counter.

For example, to create five Folders, with names ranging from "Folder 0" to "Folder 4", you can run the following migration using the iteration counter `i`:

``` yaml hl_lines="16"
[[= include_file('code_samples/data_migration/examples/repeatable_step.yaml', 0, 16) =]]
```

To vary the content name, the migration above uses Symfony expression syntax.

> The expression is enclosed in `###` and any repeated string, in this case, `SSS`.

Reviewer: I think we need to find some better words to explain this :confused: 

At the very least, we should show a "template" of sorts: `###<IDENTIFIER> <EXPRESSION> <IDENTIFIER>###`.

We can look to [PHP heredoc](https://www.php.net/manual/en/language.types.string.php#language.types.string.syntax.heredoc) documentation for inspiration. Syntax is similar there.

Additionaly, after the changes that introduced the RepeatableStep, expression syntax can be also used in each & every other migration. Repeatable step is an instance where it's almost necessary to use it, since rarely we can (or make sense) to execute the same exact migration twice, without any differences.

``` yaml hl_lines="16"
[[= include_file('code_samples/data_migration/examples/repeatable_step.yaml', 0, 16) =]]
```

To vary the content name, the migration above uses [Symfony expression syntax](#expression-syntax).

In the example above, the expression is enclosed in `###` and the repeated string `SSS`.

!!! note 
    
    Iteration counter is assigned to `i` by default, but you can modify it in the `iteration_counter_name` setting.

#### Generating fake data

You can also generate fake data with the help of [`FakerPHP`](https://fakerphp.github.io/).

To use it, first install Faker on your system:

``` bash
composer require fakerphp/faker
```

Then, you can use `faker()` in expressions, for example:

``` yaml
[[= include_file('code_samples/data_migration/examples/repeatable_step.yaml', 16, 19) =]]
```

This step generates Field values with fake personal names.

### Expression syntax

You can use [Symfony expression syntax](https://symfony.com/doc/current/components/expression_language/syntax.html) in data migrations.
It is especially useful in [repeatable steps](#repeatable-steps),

> where you can use it to generate varied content if migration steps.

Author: ```suggestion
where you can use it to generate varied content in migration steps.
```
